Documentation: improve the action decorator documentation (#7316) (#7380)
encode/django-rest-framework: docs/api-guide/viewsets.md

            serializer = self.get_serializer(recent_users, many=True)
            return Response(serializer.data)

The `action` decorator will route `GET` requests by default, but may also accept other HTTP methods by setting the `methods` argument.  For example:

        @action(detail=True, methods=['post', 'delete'])
        def unset_password(self, request, pk=None):
           ...

> The decorator allows you to override any viewset-level `*_classes` such as `render_classes` or `permission_classes`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The decorator allows you to override any viewset-level configuration such as `permission_classes`, `serializer_class`, `filter_backends`...:
```
